all right today we're going to test
drive an m5 here at National Auto Plaza
this is actually what the owner is
driving right now he let me take this
out for a test drive
sweet car I haven't really got to know
all that is about this BMW I'm going to
try to do my best ok I want to show you
the engine this is a v10
right there
okay
very tight inside here
see the
that's what it looks like from the front
show you some special feature so you get
with this BMW he tells me that these are
about a hundred thousand dollars new and
within a couple years they're down to 50
60 grand so obviously my suggestion
would be to buy him used he picks him up
all the time
brings him up here into Utah now check
out what happens when the but these
mirrors let me show you this armrest
this button right there
right here you push this button okay I'm
gonna bring my camera up push this
button in the mirrors move that way you
know if you clean your car get into a
shorter burger not so wide garage push
the button again and both of them go at
the same time okay
that's paddle shifters and shift up
shift got your steering wheel controls
all right here's the speedo and the
tachometer gas gauge and temperature
here's a - I've got a lot of onboard
info the way you could navigate that
I'll show you down here is this up down
over spin back and forth so go to menu
change it and the shifter is a little
different put foot on the brake move it
over and the lights up for plus or minus
of shift downshift your handbrake now
when you want to go into neutral move it
over to the side now that's a neutral
move it over more and up and you go into
reverse
okay does have DVD slot got CD okay your
auto climate control you got the driver
passenger get your heated seat buttons
get your sides say you got the sunroof
controls does have the sunroof now the
other nice features you know how you get
Sun in the back look at the back here I
push another button it brings up a shade
push it again put the shade back down
okay
alright this car so you know has over
500 horses gets to zero to 60 in like
four point three and zero to 100 in nine
point three so very quick car so if you
got the money you want fast and luxury
this is a great car we're gonna pass
another car that's a on the lower end
side but it's very nice it's the 335i
BMW still get the four-door get a lot of
horsepower very quick car all right
which I do this with the paddles
okay safety belt actually is on the
b-pillar but it's actually very easy to
get to now we're in third year
quick fifty to sixty miles an hour you
might have to jump on the freeway with
this one
so I've shifted with the paddle shifters
and with the shifter itself and both
worked very well
kind of like I've driven a mint Maserati
and it reacts a lot like that I'll look
up the specs on the transmission and
stuffed to verify it for you signal
light did that shift down on its own
look at an automatic so we'll shift down
but it doesn't want to shift up unless
you shift it now another point I just
took a right-hand turn and the left side
of my seat actually pumped up to put
pressure on my body so that I wouldn't
feel so much body roll
biryeo
I'm the shift
we're not even on the freeway
here
and sixth gear
that was a lot fun
very nice car but you do pay the money
but if you can pick one of these up new
but you know maybe a year to old and get
it for the deal that he's saying that
you can get it for it's a fantastic
luxury car especially if you like power
and speed all right brought to you by
the test driver calm if you want a car
for me to test drive please go on my
site and hit request and I'll try to
find it for you